Clarify goal of the spec + trailing commas seperate page (#7)
DecimalTurn/JSONC: index.markdown

JSONC (JSON with Comments) is an extension of JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) that allows comments within JSON data. This specification defines the syntax and semantics of JSONC.

The JSONC format was informally introduced by Microsoft to be used for VS Code's configuration files (settings.json, launch.json, tasks.json, etc.). Alongside the informal format, a publicly available parser ([jsonc-parser](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jsonc-parser)) was supplied to parse those configuration files. The goal of this specification is to formalize the JSONC format as what the jsonc-parser considers valid while using its default configurations.

## Syntax

> JSONC follows the same syntax rules as JSON with the addition of JavaScript style comments. Comments can be either single-line or multi-line.

Reviewer: This bit could be cleaned up a little:

```suggestion
JSONC uses the same syntax as JSON with the eponymous exception of JavaScript-style comments, with both single-line (`// double-slash`) and multi-line (`/* C89-style */`) comment syntaxes being supported. Certain implementations also tolerate trailing commas at the end of an array or object-literal (à la ECMAScript), but this feature is not universally recognised by JSONC parsers.
```

Reviewer 2: This might be just me, but I think your suggestion here seems considerably more complicated to read. It also reads more like a description of other parsers than a spec. I prefer the original clear and simple sentence.

Author: I also prefer the original in this case. Also mentioning that multi-line comments are "C89-style" is out of scope for this PR.

## Trailing commas

> JSONC doesn't allow trailing commas. Indeed, the jsonc-parser doesn't support them while using default configurations since `allowTrailingComma` is an optional parameter that is false by default. For more information regarding trailing commas, please refer to the [trailing commas information page](/trailingcommas).

Reviewer 2: Seems good to me!

**Rust**
- [dprint/jsonc-parser](https://github.com/dprint/jsonc-parser)

---

> [^1]: In VS Code, "the [JSONC] mode also accepts trailing commas, but they are discouraged and the editor will display a warning." ([source](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/json#_json-with-comments))

Reviewer: Just a side-note: you're citing a source in what's supposed to be a cited source. 😉 I know we're a long way from the comfort of Wikipedia's <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Template:Cite_web"><samp>{{Cite web}}</samp></a> template here on GitHub, but it bears mentioning.
